This is a head-gum original.
©
2018 ©
that are like one degree of separation from each other.
So I'm just going to use it for emphasis.
New York Shitty Style, right?
We're back at it again.
We should say the corner of three.
Can you say that?
Okay.
There you go.
How's that?
You can turn the can's down a little bit.
Can's, she says.
Yeah.
Very small studio.
I don't know if it's obvious, but Marieka's like a yard away from me right here.
It actually isn't obvious.
It looks like it is across the room.
Yeah.
It really isn't.
It's uncomfortably close.
I can't see Joel at all.
Yeah, that's true.
But Joel can, here's the thing, Joel can see you on this camera screen.
One, two, five.
Is that smile?
Nice.
This sucks.
Right?
Marieka and I saw Broadway show last night.
I think that's fair to say, because it is the truth.
It does the truth.
We saw your lives, love.
Almost fucked it up.
Yep.
Lots questions, concerns for me.
Not for the cast, not for the creators.
For you.
In a way.
Yeah.
I want to do enjoy it.
I enjoyed the show.
No.
Okay.
But not with me.
Like you enjoyed the act of going to a Broadway show with me.
No, it was good.
I feel like you're lying.
No, I really like going with you.
And I wanted to go to musical with you for a long time.
So it was nice to finally do that.
Yeah.
But you hated the show.
I know.
I really liked the show.
There was like two songs.
Sorry.
Numbers.
That were a little bit garbage water.
Okay.
But everything else.
I don't remember the names.
Well, what was, what were the parts?
I am going to look up the track listing.
I feel free to play along at home.
Yes, which songs of here lies love.
Jeff didn't like.
Yeah.
Because it is a to mostly sung through show.
With music by the different flat voice.
Flat voice.
I'm always interested in these sorts of events where people are like,
I really want to see a Broadway show with you.
Because in some ways, it's solitary.
Right.
It's a lot of avenue isn't good.
That's yeah.
That's the one where they're like fighting.
Yeah.
I kind of like that friend character didn't matter.
I like the choreography during that show.
That's true.
Because they're like pretending to walk.
One of my favorite things to do too is to say just like an opinion that I have.
And then but say it like it's fact.
Yeah.
So like that song is bad.
It's nothing.
It's not that I don't like it.
Yeah.
But order 181 was maybe my favorite.
That's very good.
Your lies love is great.
Thank you.
I don't know how to say it.
There we go.
Everyone so great on it.
Mm-hmm.
And we should say also to your point, Joel.
The tickets that we had are we're standing room tickets.
I've never seen a musical like this.
Yeah.
Is immersive.
Like you're in a dance club.
Yeah.
So we were it was less of an opportunity to go into a dance theater.
It was way.
But a dance club where they sort of force you to dance.
When and where and how to dance.
Right.
It's like the songs are instructions.
Exactly.
There was a line dance where you had to.
That was my least favorite part.
That was maybe the other song that I was like this is.
Why was it your least favorite part though?
The dance is simple and bad.
I didn't want to line dance.
But you didn't have to.
And you did.
And you put Gusto into it that you didn't need to.
Yeah.
Because I did.
Listen.
There's two good options.
One is to not participate at all.
But that's not even the good.
The best one is to like participate in a way that makes you look like you're really getting into
it.
So you allow others around you to have the freedom to look like animals.
And I'm never going to be that person.
No.
And you shouldn't be.
I don't know why I did that.
But I do think that half-heartedly line dancing is maybe the same in the world.
So I really needed to put some effort in.
Fair enough.
I don't like when they tell you to jump because I'm never going to jump.
Yeah.
There were a lot of things.
They were like, jump.
I'm just like, I have to kill these heel problems growing up.
So I don't know if I'm going to jump.
Very thin ankles.
Yeah.
My kill is heel is thus.
And I also, I don't know if this isn't just in this specific scenario.
But at any time, I'm required to put my hands up.
Yeah.
I don't want to.
I can't.
I like physically can't do it.
So you don't like line dancing to all I do is win.
Is there a specific dance or everybody's hands go up?
Yeah.
My would go up, but they would not stay there.
Sure.
Yeah.
I physically like can't make myself do it.
It's very strange.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I just talk amongst yourselves.
I trusted her to focus the cameras and she didn't.
I absolutely did.
What's the problem?
Maybe it just looks bad on the monitor.
It might.
I did because I did the thing that Casey tells us to do.
So loud.
I like that song.
That was it.
It is a beggar, but insanely loud.
I'm trying to find some new sounds.
So I thought that we could maybe just, I could press some buttons and you guys could tell
me whether they're winners or not.
Gotcha.
Is that fair?
Yeah.
Or would you have more to say?
Sure.
Previous one was a winner.
Got it.
Okay.
Maybe like let's edit the volume though.
Thing is, I don't know if sounds are objectively good or bad.
Or if it's more about how you use them.
That's true, but they have to have potential for use.
Like, if you don't, if you hear this out and you can't see where it would be placed
in the show, it's not the winner.
Yeah.
That's a keeper.
Sounded like a whale.
I don't know.
Is that, was that editor?
That's it.
I like the last two, but I wish they were longer.
This one's long.
I don't like it though.
I think we need more like intro music kind of stuff.
Okay.
Like, I want to enter the studio to that.
Yeah.
The announced like a wrestler.
For sure.
I did want to do a straight up like boxing match between me and a mirror.
I also really wasn't allowed to show.
No, I think there'll be, I, one of the gaming channels I used to watch
did like a wrestling thing where they trained to be wrestlers,
and then like actually learned like the flips and stuff.
Yeah.
But I think it would be really funny if you guys just know training
when into a boxing ring.
I'm just kind of like, swatted at each other.
The issue is I think like, the reason why boxers do what they do,
correct me if I'm wrong, Joel, is that they're making millions of dollars.
That's probably fair.
Sorry.
I said, correct me if I'm wrong, Joel.
I'm not correcting you.
So I'm wrong.
I'm right.
You're right.
I didn't even correct you.
I just gave you.
No, I, I, I agreed.
I think a lot of boxers do it for the love of the game.
Yeah.
Like they have some internal aggression that feels good to let out.
I don't know.
I don't know what to do.
Um, I also, I mean, there's like creator clash.
I think it would be really funny if somehow you guys ended up at that event.
What is that?
Is that a boxing match for like YouTube?
Yeah.
Literally, yes.
How much did they get paid?
I'm trying to like, they do it for charities.
I don't want to, I don't want to do it for charity.
I'll do something else for charity.
Have you ever thought of anyone physically?
Yeah.
Physically.
Uh, not like throwing hands, but like, I've never said that.
It sounded so wrong coming out.
I, I got in like an altercation in college once.
Yeah.
What was the situation?
If I tell the story, I'm going to sound like I'm telling the story to be a hero.
Wow.
Sometimes you are a hero.
You could tell the story.
You could tell us about PJ clerks.
It's either or.
I guess.
You didn't want to tell the story.
I was giving you an out.
What about this?
No.
This is, I'm not like pulling these out of thin air.
The, the soundboard website that I use.
This is, they're like, most popular sounds.
And there's no way somebody's using this, that often.
I really didn't think you could rhyme this much in Mandarin.
That was sick.
It was really cool.
I couldn't plan the time signature.
Let's take a break.
Guys, I want to tell you about a new show that I think you're going to love.
All right.
It's called See the Thing is.
It's hosted by Grammy Award winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality,
Mandy B.
Every week Bridget and Mandy offer grown honest and slightly toxic takes on all
things, music, pop culture and of course dating and relationships.
All right.
I do a segment on this show called dating in LA.
Nobody likes to talk about it.
So the segments go kind of poor.
So if you always wanted to know what that segment could have been,
this show has it for you.
Do you have a hard time finding new music?
You should listen to the show.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives, perspectives,
on relationships and dating?
Are you interested in non-male bashing podcasts that hold both sex is accountable?
See the thing is is a podcast that allows space for a wide range of thoughts and emotions.
Most recently, they've sat down with guests such as Ari Lennox,
Brig Big Freedia, Remy Ma, Van Lathen, Robert Glasper, Dere McCesson,
Chloe Bailey, Mooney Long, and Neo.
So if you want to know what Neo's up to,
check out that episode. Sounds like a good one.
Join Brigida and Mandy every week as they update you on everything going on in the world
with their polarizing hot takes.
Subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday.
Check it out.
And we're back.
What's that sound?
Oh, it's a tick-tock.
Tick-tock.
Shares in.
Yeah.
Here we go.
How long...
Almost called you a Maria Ga.
Maria Ga, how long have you lived in New York City?
Eight years.
Eight years?
That's it?
What do you mean?
That's it.
I lived in LA for eight years.
Okay.
But I feel like I just went to school.
Really?
Yeah.
Should I ask?
Joel?
Two years, right?
1.5.
All right.
So you guys basically, you've lived here for a long time.
Let's say.
Combined like nine and a half.
Yeah.
No, I'm saying both of you have.
And so I'm like...
You have had to have seen everything at this point.
First is me.
I've only ever lived here for extended stays.
Right.
So like you guys have sort of like this cultural thumb on the pulse
that I frankly will never have.
Because I'll never catch up to y'all in terms of how long I've lived here.
Even if I moved here today.
You have an experience things that we have experience.
I've never been to Ellis Island.
Me neither.
What?
Well, I wanted to talk to you guys because last night I went to PJ Clarke's.
Right.
1884.
Let me finish.
Like five minutes.
Is that like weird bar in Midtown?
Is that that awesome bar on the priest?
It's barely a priest.
Definitely about death.
Lennox Hill.
I think I've actually been there before.
But like you feel like you're in like the 1930s.
1880s.
Sure.
And you can tell the difference by the way.
Yeah.
I'm sort of a hunter.
Well, I'm thinking of PJ wheel hands.
What is that?
Maybe I'm getting wrong.
Wait.
Sorry.
I'm trying to drink this whole thing because I had hard
palpitations last night.
The can't be up till 429.
Yeah.
PJ Clarke's.
It's the corner of third and
60th or 55th.
Yeah.
I've been there.
There you have it.
I have PJ Clarke's.
I just confused it with wheel hands.
What is wheel hands?
Yeah.
It's just another name that sounds like it's a made up thing to sound old.
PJ.
This PJ Clarke's is actually opened in 1884.
Okay.
Well, I've been there.
Well, you've been there.
Or that's awesome.
There's a different PJ Clarke's.
Yeah.
But that's the original and the rest are just sort of like.
There's a PJ Clarke's in Philadelphia.
Yeah.
Have you been through that one?
No.
Philadelphia J Clarke.
Yeah.
No.
I wanted to ask you guys about a couple of old New York's mainstays.
See if you'd been there.
See what your thoughts were.
And then I'll share mine about PJ Clarke's.
And you know.
I guess.
I'm going forward.
This is not a segment of people are going to like any.
There we go.
Francis Tavern.
I have been there.
Opened in 1762.
Let me finish when I say when I introduce them.
Have you been there?
Yes.
Joel.
Nope.
Located on the corner of Pearl and Broad Street in downtown Manhattan.
Francis is a 250 year old bar.
And restaurant with a storied past.
I mean, how often do you get to be in a room that's been there for, I don't know, 250 years?
Not often.
And so how did you feel when you're there?
I sat outside.
But I did go to the bathroom.
Moving on.
Oh, bathroom.
He's just a hole in the ground.
Look at this.
PJ Clarke's 1884.
PJ Clarke's been surfing up delicious burgers in a cozy setting for nearly 150 years.
Right?
And so when you're there, you can't help but feel that history.
But he Holly proposed to his wife there, maybe.
Leo Frank Sinach.
Often said at table 20.
Did you sit at table 20?
I sat at the bar and the bartender pitted me because I was there alone.
I tried to read a book.
It was too loud.
And it is my fault that you were there alone because you didn't invite me and I said no,
I have to go grocery shopping.
It was also Wednesday at like 10.
Yeah.
I mean, I did have to go grocery shopping.
But I also wanted to go home quickly.
And I did not go home quickly because I went to three grocery stories.
What grocery stores did you go to?
I went to a natural market on 8th and 54th.
I went to a few to Emporium.
I tried to go to Gristidis, but it was close.
So I went back to the natural market and bought what I thought was too expensive there.
Oh, my.
Do you have to do consider joining for the grocery stores?
I invited him.
I considered it.
But then I realized what the reality of that would be would be just me following
Marika in like a whole foods and commenting on what she bought.
But that is kind of I love going to the grocery store with friends.
I think it's fun.
It oftentimes offers a really new perspective.
That's true.
Totally.
Two guys came up and sat.
Basically next to me at the bar.
And the bartender, I guess, knew them.
They were seemingly regulars.
And they were like already kind of drunk, I think.
And they ordered like triple whiskeys.
Like they look like caricatures of like drinkers.
These guys were born in 1884.
It felt that way or at least like the 80s.
And they kept telling this one.
They had nothing in common.
This one guy kept saying the same joke over and over.
And then eventually just googled the origin of the joke.
And it wasn't funny.
He was like, the brain may go to shit.
Like your heart may be on fire.
But the liquor is always there when you're feeling dire or something.
And he had that like alcoholic voice where they were.
And he kept saying it and he told the bartender it like three times.
The bartender kept being like, ah, that's that's cool.
Yeah.
And then his friend got up to go to the bathroom.
And then he was like, you're not found the origin of the same.
I was like, it doesn't matter.
You're not happy and you guys aren't friends.
You just come here.
Anyway, I'm moving on.
Keen's steakhouse 1885.
Are you from there?
No.
Over 150 years ago, publishers played right some producers met and mingled.
At the renowned Keen's steakhouse.
Before seeing a show.
What?
What's straight on?
What street is it on?
I wasn't prepared for any follow-up questions, but let me Google it.
I mean, this is...
Because you are asking the two people that don't eat steaks.
It's on 32nd and 6th.
Interesting.
And when I said 32nd, I meant 36th and 6th.
Gotcha.
So far from Broadway, but that's true.
That's their fault.
And oh, maybe.
You guys haven't been to Keen's?
No.
Moving on.
Peter Luger's steakhouse 1887.
The familiar, but never been.
You guys don't need steak.
You don't need steak.
Well, they do have such.
They do have such.
Is that true?
I think so.
Here's what I'll say about Peter Luger.
I had the pleasure and leisure of going there with a friend two years ago.
And I've never thought thinking about it.
It's unreally.
They have this like thick cut bacon as a side.
And it's just...
It's crazy good.
And I thought that it was going to be all hype.
But it was...
It was truly unbelievable.
And you can tell that it's been there since the late 80s.
1880s.
Not quite the...
Yeah.
Because when you say 80s, people think like...
leather jackets.
You know, great economics.
Reganomics.
We should go to Peter Luger.
But about cats is deadly.
Why are you guys having fun?
I am having fun.
I was looking up to see if they did actually lose their Michelin star.
And is it true?
Um...
Tell me it isn't true.
In 2022.
You lost some missions.
Well, I ate their early 2022.
So they just...
This was later.
Yeah.
I don't know what changed.
But I...
You can order it.
Yeah.
I'm fucking door-dash.
And I'm like, maybe I do that.
Because getting the reservation is what's hard.
I feel like that's why they lost their Michelin star.
It can be the Michelin star restaurant door-dash.
I know.
There's a lot of those.
There's a whole category.
Yeah.
What's that?
I don't like that.
Actually, on...
Yeah.
On...
Door-dash.
It's like Michelin-rated.
Maybe it's on a...
Maybe that's not like...
Star.
It's just like...
Cats is deadly.
No, I know none of us have ever been here.
But I know.
I have a hat from there.
Me?
Yeah.
No.
You're thinking of someone else.
Maybe pile.
But...
Because...
I think about you guys all the time.
I think my pile is that he loves...
When Harry Met Sally, because he loves that scene,
where she sort of fakes you know.
Because he's like...
That was a sexual awakening.
And I don't want to...
And it was a fake.
Yeah.
Rows.
I've never been to a house.
Like the marinara sauce?
Yeah.
I've had the sauce.
I feel like nobody is missing out.
Because it seems like it's hardy red sauce Italian, which I hate.
What's your preferred Italian?
I think I...
I think I want hardy red sauce Italian.
I think I like... like Northern Italian.
What?
What's that cuisine defined by?
I don't know.
Less heavy pasta's.
You know, not always fucking bowl-in-ase this.
The gas.
Creamy Italian.
Otherwise.
I like a mushroom pasta.
You know, I like...
An agnalotti, you know.
I don't know.
I don't want to speak too soon.
You know, the economic growth in different regions of Italy.
The 80s?
Is it the best president ever?
No.
Before the 80s.
It's directly correlated with when...
The church in different parts stopped allowing people to marry their cousins.
It's a great fact.
Can you say that again?
That's a great fact.
Because...
Like...
The...
Not new to marry their cousins.
Let them to need to travel further.
Meet more people.
Let to much more like spread of ideas and economic growth.
So the poor regions are the ones where they were allowed to marry their cousins
from much longer.
And they say it is these like very simple agrarian societies.
We do not care.
I'll bow in your tongue.
Oh, wow.
Barbetta!
Where's that?
Nope.
Um, this is where we need the noise.
This is where we need the noise. Like why can't we play? We don't care back.
We live with that was easy button if you want to know that.
I don't know where it is. I'm going to assume that lower Manhattan or some shit.
Here we go. Grand Central Oyster Bar and restaurant.
No, but they've heard about it. Really?
Walked past it. Is this in Grand Central Station?
Yes. Why don't we go there for lunch?
Um, great.
There is.
I want to chance back to. I'll say New Yorker.
Last sheeting virus.
That was a sound of a bunch of oysters and the water.
The salt water.
I almost had oysters yesterday. So thank fucking God.
I did.
Instead I had a whiskey at PJ Clarks.
Um, have you, do you know about this cheesy in Grand Central?
I've heard of it. Yeah.
I went to it last year. It's a pretty cool.
How do you feel?
How do I feel in general?
About going there.
I felt good about it because it was for.
No, it was for a party.
And after party for the.
Oh, for a movie premiere.
And I was at the bar at the same time that Owen Wilson was at the bar.
So I loved that person.
I saw Owen Wilson getting off the bedford.
Stop on the L.
Did I say about this?
I think you might.
It was me Johnny and our friend.
And we were very intoxicated.
And we saw him.
And we were like, hi.
I'm Johnny.
And I'm like, drunk out of my mind.
And that's Owen Wilson.
It's not that funny.
He said that to me.
No, John, like the bit was like,
I know that I'm like fucked up.
But like, that is Owen Wilson.
No one's going to believe us.
Old town bar.
I think we've been there together.
I don't think so.
Not you and me.
No.
Where?
No, where is old town bar?
It's like right here.
I'm going to take my throat to the old town bar.
I'm going to gargle all of the ails.
Nice.
Fuck you guys.
I've never been here.
Okay.
Well, we had a big New York office happy hour there.
Cool.
Wasn't invited.
What about health is or haven't been to the restaurant, but
um,
I've been frequently either almond croissants.
One of my favorite baked goods of all time.
And you still have to at my old job.
A lot of people would order lunch from there.
So I used to have to call them like every day in order lunch for delivery.
All right.
What about Gage and Tolmer?
Pardon?
Forget it.
Just fucking.
Let's move on.
Thank you.
I wasn't drawing though.
I know.
But oftentimes what you enjoy is what the audience hates.
That's why it is a ton of times that you're not having fun.
We can do this again.
You made it.
And we're just the first time.
Oh, I went.
I don't know.
What do you guys fucking suggest?
It's been 33 minutes.
I don't know what else to do.
I'm fucking exhausted because I couldn't go to sleep until 4.30.
I just wanted to have a ton of fun.
Hey.
I thought this would be a fun energy episode to not go into.
To go into with us.
I think we've had a great energy.
No.
I sure did.
I thought it was going to be a good energy.
And then it wasn't really.
What's your, I think that it's your fault then?
No.
I think you disagree with most.
What about the energy do you know like?
You don't like that there's not a game.
I do like a game.
But the two segments have been playing all of the music sounds.
Yeah, I didn't, I don't like.
And listening restaurants in New York,
which also I think is like annoying when people do it in normal conversations.
How does it podcast as even worse?
I thought that the conversations underneath those were fun.
But maybe you just need to contribute more.
Maybe that's a problem.
Yeah, I only can have fun when I dominate things.
Can you do the slap sound again?
I agree that everyone is going to hit this episode.
Can you do this?
I'm really gonna do it.
Do you mean the punch sound?
I'm shown.
Yeah.
The camera was not yet.
I'm laughing.
I'm a character actor.
That's not what that means.
What was your question?
It was no way.
My God.
I just asked why you were excited to do.
Well, I'm in New York.
Yes. Oh, my God.
Sorry, what was your question?
I'm not asking you again.
No, come on.
I didn't hear it the first three times.
I think you two spent too much time to go to the past 70 years.
That's true.
It's true.
I did for a chef to go to two different musicals.
You didn't force me.
I said, I want to see a musical with you.
And then you also invited me to the first thing, which was good.
Yeah.
That is good, though.
Well, it's a fun.
You know, it's a different vibe.
There you go.
See Titanic.
That's right.
Is that a musical?
Yeah.
I am excited to.
I'm really just excited to see friends.
That's the point of the visit.
Yeah.
But after this, I've to record some ads.
And then I'm going to take the train up to the diamond district.
And just go look at a bunch of vintage watches that I can never force.
But it'll be fun.
I passed a watch store in Green Point recently.
That's not a lot.
A watch repair place.
I know the place.
Yeah.
I knew you were still living on that street actually.
Well, you don't live there.
You stayed there for an extended period of time.
What's the difference?
We're always just staying where we are for extended period.
Unless you buy a house.
And even that.
What's that?
None of your kind of just.
We're all just here.
See, now it's really.
That's interesting.
What you're saying is just like putting gatekeeping.
Like what about the life isn't temporary.
Um, yeah.
That was good.
That was like every person.
That was like every dumb person's favorite joke for like 10 years.
My name is Jeff.
Yeah.
It's not even a joke.
Wait, I like that joke where it was like.
Oh, so your name is Jeff.
And it was like the guy whose name is spelled J.
Yeah, FF.
Yes.
Whatever.
The other guy.
Yes.
And then me would say why.
Yo.
That was good.
But like that.
When I was in like bringing this podcast.
When I was in high school,
just everybody would be like,
My name is Jeff.
I'm like, that's not a joke.
I don't know what that is.
I think it's from 21 Jump Street.
Oh, yeah.
It is really?
I'm just like even in context.
It's not funny.
I think it's like 2% of names that just.
People think it's funny.
No, like, like, if you have them at the wrong moment.
Oh, yeah.
Like if your name was like Charlie when Charlie bit my finger came out.
Like, yeah.
That's just like what your life was.
Yeah.
Um.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
We have.
Are we getting one to do a look at this?
I would like to.
I'm hungry.
Starving.
I stomach has been grounded.
42 minutes.
We could call it here and just let people be really upset.
Or we could save it somehow.
Well, not after this flesh-getting fucking virus that you guys mentioned, but I would go somewhere like interesting like that, sure.
Blugs.
You guys think I should have prepared something?
I don't think you should have prepared something I think you should have prepared something I think you should not have played as many as undefexas you did.
You think that's what it would do?
Yeah.
Why don't we just talk for a bit then?
About what?
Fucking, oh, you know what?
Maybe like some of the oldest, now we did that.
Let's do some of the newest bars in New York City.
People are gonna hate that.
What's like the most pressing issue that you guys are dealing with in your life that you're willing to share and get my advice about?
I have to go to a wedding tomorrow at an Italian restaurant, a formal attire.
The outfit I ordered was a jumpsuit, not arriving on time.
All I have by way of, I guess formal attire is a suit, but I don't know what shirt to wear.
Ralph Lauren says,
not said says current that the sexiest thing a woman can do is wear a tux.
So I think you should rent a tux.
I'm not gonna rent a tux.
Can I not ask my advice if you're not gonna do that?
Well, the invite said Ben will be in dark suits.
So I saved not tux's.
It's not black tie.
Not black tie.
Not formal.
If it's not black tie, it's not formal.
Well, it said formal.
They don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
I agree.
Clearly they didn't go to an etiquette class and subsequently be a shaperun for that etiquette class
when they were in high school.
And that's what you said.
Did you do that?
I sort of did.
That could tell you.
It wasn't a silly idea.
Basically, you like make sure that the guys are behaving themselves.
And you do it like super rudely.
But I was so rude to the kids, but it was just so funny to me.
The only person who doesn't need to abide by the rules at the shaperun.
Exactly right.
So I didn't abide by the rules when I was in the etiquette class, which he was just
so my parents wanted me to be able to box step.
So I don't know why.
That was all they teach you is a box step.
And then outdated social norms that I've never encountered as an adult.
They're like, a lady always wears her gloves.
And it's like, if a woman's approaching the table, you stand up and it's like, all that shit.
But then I needed a job in high school and I worked at a cafe, but it was too much work.
So then I decided to do this instead.
Why was it too much work?
A lot of divorcees.
So we're demanding, not very nice.
Some of your time and your energy.
Yeah.
A spirit, almost.
But my spirit was fed by yelling at children.
Yeah.
So I was like, I feel like that's often the case.
But I feel like there was always like, in Joel, you were probably one of these guys.
But it was basically like, there was always like a two or three guys that were like the bad boys.
Yeah.
And they were like in the class, kind of.
Back in the class, kind of kids.
Yeah.
Of course.
I don't believe it.
I think you were a middle of the class.
No.
I actually really established the energy.
I was going to bring to our off-site in Denver.
We had our first meeting.
And I was like, I'm sitting in the back row.
You actually, you're dressed like one of these kids now.
Yeah.
You're an adult now.
What was your energy like in middle school?
Way more toxic.
Me too.
So then I was like, I was, I, to a tone for that.
I was like, let me like really crack down on these.
Okay.
I would say toxic was front of the class.
No.
You were front of the class.
I was not front of the class.
What were you middle?
Middle to back.
I don't like, I don't like volunteer information.
So like raising my hand.
Well, like speaking of.
What do you most presently dealing with?
What do you mean?
I said this wedding.
Beyond the wedding.
Speaking up.
Joel.
What are you dealing with?
I thought Joel said the first thing because I'm so tired.
Joel.
What are you dealing with most presently?
Life is pretty good at the moment.
I'm sorry to say.
You know, just the constant.
What are we doing with our lives?
Totally.
How should one be Jeff?
I guess that's my question for you.
One should be.
Joy.
One should stay wise if you already've gotten there.
And then if not, you should get wise.
Right.
And.
I think that I think for a live show, you should get.
Because I'm on the verge of like a not.
It's either going to be a breakdown or it's going to be a breakthrough.
It's either going to be a piphany or a palpitation.
Exactly.
Um.
In body.
Kind.
Totally.
So that's sort of adding to the duo.
Yeah, so it's.
Be joy.
Get wise.
Body kind.
Yeah.
Um.
All right.
I can do that.
What about like embellish?
Everything.
Faith.
So.
Sort of be not truthful about what you believe.
Yeah.
No.
Um.
I think that you should get those tattoos that you want.
The be joy.
Go wise.
On stage live.
I don't think I could do more tattoos with letters because I've already done.
I've already done words here.
Okay.
But like.
The one inch of your body.
I don't think you should have.
I don't know.
It looks weird when people do too much writing.
And I don't even just mean as tattoos.
I mean like I look at certain authors.
You know, with a skeptic a lot.
That's like you're getting paid by the word.
You're sure.
That's what you switched to podcasting.
Yeah.
Otherwise I would have been an author.
That would have been great.
You should write a book.
Honestly.
I would write a great.
I think.
Yeah.
I think you should write a book.
What you're going to be about getting.
Being joy and getting wise.
And then.
I think.
You write the forward and you kind of shoehorn in your own.
It's actually about embellishing faith.
I actually have an interesting story.
Why?
Yeah.
Before that.
I do think you should write a book.
And I think it should either be.
Yeah.
Like self-help.
Or.
Uh.
You would write like.
A fiction book about.
You're like.
Uh.
You know, going to the.
What's the can't.
Laurel Canyon.
Like a.
Yeah.
Some character in that era.
Emma Klein already did that with her book Daddy.
It's takes place in Laurel Canyon partially.
That's one book.
That's the only story we told in modern day, Laurel.
It doesn't have to be modern day, Laurel.
It can be.
I made up Laurel.
Right.
You know.
And I don't know the.
It could be the Laurel.
Or you want to see in the world.
It's just going to be like waxing about how I want the real estate
prices to come down.
It's kind of a manifest out.
Yeah.
I think we have to get a look out of here.
Um.
Plugs.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Joel.
No.
You have worth.
For sure.
You have worth for sure.
You have a little bit worth.
A little bit worth.
But no plug still.
That's fair.
Be joy.
Get wise.
Embodied kind.
And embellish having worth.
Um.
Follow me.
I'm Marie Dalon on Twitter slash x.
Instagram.
Blue sky.
Threads.
Letterbox.
Tick-tock.
Listen to the pit wall.
By me, an oval ice machine.
And.
Um.
Go see.
Glory days.
2024.
King company production.
Great.
Before that could.
I guess I.
Yeah.
And do that.
Wearing.
When are those?
Really nerdy issues.
Kind of front of the class kid.
Kind of.
Exactly.
I don't know.
Be joy.
Get wise.
Obviously.
Embodied kind.
How delicious.
How hate.
How happy.
There's a great substance in Canada.
See those paradox.
Yeah.
Do you guys know the founder of Crox made a new shoe called Joy Bees?
Which is the exact same thing as Crox just to hexagons instead of circles?
And I kid you not.
These hexagons are so circular looking.
You need to like really zoom in to tell that it's six lines.
And not just a circle.
I really feel like I should too.
Because it's just the inverse of my personal mantra.
Yeah.
I think we should.
These are the same fucking thing.
This is the way it's crazy, right?
That's insane.
Well, this I couldn't get over it.
I had like spent two of the best hours in my life.
What a waste of his time.
Like nobody's going to switch over from Crox.
And he's investing his own money into this shit.
What the fuck?
Just have the ease of billionaire.
No, I think he actually had a big according to Kimber, the woman who was helping me
by shoes at the shoe store in Boulder.
He got into some big fight with the original Crox people.
So that's why he kind of had to move on.
I see.
I thought he sold it though.
Maybe.
But I guess this kind of fits your thing if there's no new ideas.
Yeah.
So give me the fucking Crox guy round out.
That guy's a genius.
Fucking legend.
You